Kerbal Space and Atmospheric Exploration Agency Tech Tree and Science Rebalance

This is a set of Module Manager configs designed to make the game a bit more challenging and to change the
tech tree progress into something more loosely realistic, starting with aircraft and introducing probes
earlier than stock.  You can easily skip the aircraft portion if that's no fun for you, all the basic rocket
stuff comes within the first two tiers and you can easily acquire the science required without ever leaving
the runway/launchpad.  It's cheaty, but I won't tell anyone.

I also wanted to match parts to nodes in a more logical way.  Many parts have moved from their stock tiers
and nodes or stayed in the same tier but have changed nodes.  Some nodes also have very few parts or only
one when not fleshed out with mods.  This wasn't originally intentional, but I decided it made sense.  Some
breakthroughs in science have very specific implications, some are very broad and far reaching.

I also wanted to make use of the extra nodes at the end of the tree.  If you're not aware, Squad has included
nodes at the end of the tree that require 1000 science to research, they do not show in R&D unless there's
actually parts assigned to them.  Only the RAPIER engine is up in the this tier if you're running only stock
parts.  As more mod configs are added, the top tier should flesh out more.

Science has also been rebalanced to be more challenging and a bit slower progressing.  You get a large chunk
of science the first time doing an experiment with some more useful diminishing returns, encouraging
'confirmation' of your scientific findings.  Data amounts have also been reworked.  In most cases they've
been increased, in a few they've been decreased.  This was based on Science Revisited by CaptRobau, but most
of the values have been reworked.

Sensor experiments like the temperature scan, now transmit 100% of their value.  This will affect any mod
part using these modules as well.  On the flip side of this, sample return type experiments like the mystery
goo experiment, have had their transmission values lowered even further to force either a proper return
mission or use of the lab.  To go with this, the lab's boost to transmission value has been increased.  The
lab also consumes more power during processing though and none of these sample return experiments will
transmit at quite 100% even after processing.

Two new experiments have also been added.  "Low Gravity Environment Experiments" are available on the Mobile
Processing Lab and provide science comparable to a seismic or gravity scan.  It transmits at only 40% to
encourage you to process the experiment in the lab to get 100% transmission value.  "Probe Situation Report"
has been added to all properly configured probe parts and provides a very small amount of science, even less
than crew reports.  It does transmit at 100% however, and is meant to be the telemetry and operational data
you're ostensibly using to pilot the probe.

I approached this with a philosophy of wanting the mod to play nicely with other mods as much as possible.
Everything is done within the confines of the stock Squad defined tech tree, no new nodes have actually been
added or values for the nodes changed.  While tree placement might be odd for parts in a mod I haven't made
configs for, nothing *should* break in any mod because of this one.

I've also tried to put together everything in such a way that it can be easily tailored to your personal
needs, separating different aspects of the pack into different configs so they can easily be removed
individually.  They are also commented to be easily understandable and searchable for your own modification.
All comments use the part name displayed in game, allowing you to search for parts both by their actual part
name as well as the display name.

I started this without having any idea about Stupid_Chris' Stock ReBalance project, and originally had some
of the same things implemented alongside the tech tree rebalance.  This included the solar panel changes,
rebalancing of probe cores, and a few other odds and ends.  Fortunately, as I started looking at rebalancing
batteries and all kinds of stuff, I found SRB, which does everything I was thinking and more, but doesn't
touch the tech tree or science at all.  The mod had started just as rethinking science and the tech tree,
and I could focus solely on that again.  Because of this, these configs are designed with the idea in mind
that you'll also be using SRB.  It's not required, and everything should function fine without it, but I
recommend it.

INSTALLATION: Unzip all contents to your Kerbal Space Program/GameData folder.

NOTE: If you're using this with an in progress save, any part you have already researched will still be
available to you, even if it's now moved to a node you've not researched.  This has to do with the way
the persistence file saves the parts you've unlocked and can only be remedied by manually changing the
persistence file or starting a new game.

Module Manager is required for this mod to function.

This rebalance builds on code and concepts from Science Revisted by Captrobau (http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/65033-Science-Revisited-New-and-improved-ways-to-do-science-1-3-1)
And is designed for use with Stock ReBalance by Stupid_Chris (http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/75272-0-23-x-Stock-Rebalance-Project-v1-3-19-04-14)

The Following mods have had compatability configs written:



License: CC BY NC SA